[docs] Add row size limit & column size limit to YSQL best practices (#19232)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/best-practices-ysql.md

For more details, see [Distributed parallel queries](../../api/ysql/exprs/func_yb_hash_code/#distributed-parallel-queries).
{{</tip>}}

## Row size limit

> Big columns add up when selecting full rows or multiple of them. For consistent latency/performance, we suggest keeping the size in the `10MB` range or less, maximum `32MB`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Big columns add up when you select full or multiple rows. For consistent latency or performance, it is recommended keeping the size under 10MB or less, and a maximum of 32MB. 
```

## Column size limit

> For consistent latency/performance, we suggest keeping columns in the `2MB` range or less even though we support an individual column/row being about `32MB`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For consistent latency or performance, it is recommended to size columns in the 2MB range or less even though an individual column or row limit is supported till `32MB`.
```
